dock(readme): update readme (#6518)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: README.md

> # autoware.universe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Autoware Universe
```

> Welcome to Autoware.universe! This platform is a pivotal element within the core/universe concept of Autoware, managing a diverse range of packages that extend the core functionalities of autonomous driving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Welcome to Autoware Universe!

Autoware Universe serves as a foundational pillar within the Autoware ecosystem, playing a critical role in enhancing the core functionalities of autonomous driving technologies.
This repository is a pivotal element of the Autoware Core/Universe concept, managing a wide array of packages that significantly extend the capabilities of autonomous vehicles.
```

Some help from chatgpt and formatting

Author: @xmfcx Thank you! I feel it is more attractive :+1:

![autoware_universe_front](docs/assets/images/autoware_universe_front.png)

> The code and documentation managed here represent a vital part of the Autoware ecosystem. To gain a comprehensive understanding of the entirety of Autoware, please visit the [Autoware Documentation](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/).
> 
> For detailed documents of Autoware Universe components, see [Autoware Universe Documentation](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware.universe/) deployed by MKDocs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting Started

To dive into the vast world of Autoware and understand how Autoware Universe fits into the bigger picture, we recommend starting with the [Autoware Documentation](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/). This resource provides a thorough overview of the Autoware ecosystem, guiding you through its components, functionalities, and how to get started with development.

### Explore Autoware Universe documentation

For those looking to explore the specifics of Autoware Universe components, the [Autoware Universe Documentation](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware.universe/), deployed with MKDocs, offers detailed insights.
```
